{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 Monitors\b0\fs22\par
\b 1. OPTIX MAG251RX-\b0\lang1033  {\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.amazon.in/MSI-Non-Glare-Super-Narrow-Bezel/dp/B083K13KGM/ref=asc_df_B083K13KGM/?tag=googleshopdes-21&linkCode=df0&hvadid=396985551000&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=4853852449300187503&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvqmt=&hvdev=c&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9300687&hvtargid=pla-871842191458&psc=1&ext_vrnc=hi }}{\fldrslt{https://www.amazon.in/MSI-Non-Glare-Super-Narrow-Bezel/dp/B083K13KGM/ref=asc_df_B083K13KGM/?tag=googleshopdes-21&linkCode=df0&hvadid=396985551000&hvpos=&hvnetw=g&hvrand=4853852449300187503&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvqmt=&hvdev=c&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9300687&hvtargid=pla-871842191458&psc=1&ext_vrnc=hi\ul0\cf0}}}}\b\f0\fs22\lang9\par
 24.5"240Hz 1ms IPS Gaming Monitor (FHD 1920x1080 / Non-Glare with Super Narrow Bezel / 16:9 / G-Sync Compatible/HDMI/DP/USB Height Adjustable), Black\par
MSI OPTIX MAG251RX 24.5" 240Hz 1ms IPS Gaming Monitor (FHD 1920x1080 / Non-Glare with Super Narrow Bezel / 16:9 / G-Sync Compatible/HDMI/DP/USB Height Adjustable), Black\par
MSI\par
9.6 Rating\b0\par
Product Highlights\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 1ms response time - eliminate screen tearing and choppy frame rates\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Frameless design \endash  ultimate gameplay experience\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Esports gaming monitor - tailored for professional esports tournament\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Nvidia g-sync compatible technology \endash  prevent screen tearing\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}240hz refresh rate - real smooth gaming\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
\lang1033 2.\lang9 Samsung \par
27 inch (68.6 cm) 240 Hz, G-Sync Compatible, Bezel Less Curved Gaming Monitor (Dark Blue Gray) (2020 Model) - Computer Monitor, 1920 x 1080p Resolution, HDMI - LC27RG50FQWXXL\par
Samsung 27 inch (68.6 cm) 240 Hz, G-Sync Compatible, Bezel Less Curved Gaming Monitor (Dark Blue Gray) (2020 Model) - Computer Monitor, 1920 x 1080p Resolution, HDMI - LC27RG50FQWXXL\par
Samsung\par
\lang1033 Rating-\lang9 9.5\par
\b0 Product Highlights\lang1033 .\b\lang9\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 1500r curved screen for true immersion\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Incredibly slim and sleek design\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}27" curved gaming monitor with 240hz refresh rate\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Multiple game modes optimally adjust black gamma levels, contrast, sharpness and color for virtually any game genre\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\lang1033 3.\lang9 LG Ultragear \par
80 cm (32 inches) QHD (2K) Gaming Monitor with 144Hz,1ms, Radeon Freesync, Display Port, HDMI x 2-32GK650\par
LG Ultragear 80 cm (32 inches) QHD (2K) Gaming Monitor with 144Hz,1ms, Radeon Freesync, Display Port, HDMI x 2-32GK650\par
LG\par
\b0 9.3\par
Product Highlights\lang1033 .\lang9\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Screen: 32" qhd (2k 2560 x 1440) va panel\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Radeon freesync\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}3 side borderless design\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Warranty: 3 years for any assistance \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\lang1033 4.\lang9 MSI Optix G271-68.58 cm (27 inch) IPS Gaming Monitor \endash  Full HD - 144hz Refresh Rate - 1ms Response time \endash  AMD Freeync for Esports\par
MSI Optix G271-68.58 cm (27 inch) IPS Gaming Monitor \endash  Full HD - 144hz Refresh Rate - 1ms Response time \endash  AMD Freeync for Esports\par
MSI\par
\lang1033 Rating-\lang9 8.9\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Product Highlights\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fhd high resolution \endash  game titles will even look better, displaying more details due to the fhd resolution.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}1ms response time \endash  eliminate screen tearing and choppy frame rates.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ips panel \endash  optimize screen colors and brightness to enhance your viewing experience.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}144hz refresh rate \endash  real smooth gaming.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b 5.MSI Optix G241-60.96 cm (24 inch) IPS Gaming Monitor \endash  Full HD - 144hz Refresh Rate - 1ms Response time \endash  AMD Freeync for Esports\par
MSI Optix G241-60.96 cm (24 inch) IPS Gaming Monitor \endash  Full HD - 144hz Refresh Rate - 1ms Response time \endash  AMD Freeync for Esports\par
MSI\b0\par
\b\lang1033 Rating-\lang9 8.7\b0\par
Product Highlights\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Fhd high resolution \endash  game titles will even look better, displaying more details due to the fhd resolution.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}1ms response time \endash  eliminate screen tearing and choppy frame rates.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ips panel \endash  optimize screen colors and brightness to enhance your viewing experience.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}144hz refresh rate \endash  real smooth gaming.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\lang1033 6.\lang9 LG Ultragear 69 cm IPS FHD, G-Sync Compatible, HDR 10, Gaming LCD Monitor, Display Port, HDMI x 2, Height Adjust & Pivot Stand, 144Hz, 1ms, 1920 x 1080 Pixels Made in India- 27GL650F (Black), Small\par
LG Ultragear 69 cm IPS FHD, G-Sync Compatible, HDR 10, Gaming LCD Monitor, Display Port, HDMI x 2, Height Adjust & Pivot Stand, 144Hz, 1ms, 1920 x 1080 Pixels Made in India- 27GL650F (Black), Small\par
LG\par
\lang1033 Rating-\lang9 8.3\par
\b0 Product Highlights\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Display: 27 inch full hd ips screen (srgb 99%) with hdr 10, 400 nits brightness\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Stand: height adjustable stand, tilt, pivot vesa wall mount (100 x 100 mm)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Gaming: nvidia certified g-sync compatible 144 hz, 1ms gaming monitor\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Connectivity: hdmi x 2 , display port, headphone out\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\lang1033 7.\lang9 LG Full HD 55 cm (22 inches) Gaming Monitor - 1ms, 75Hz, Full HD, AMD Freesync, TN Panel Monitor, HDMI & VGA Port - 22MK400H (Black)\par
LG Full HD 55 cm (22 inches) Gaming Monitor - 1ms, 75Hz, Full HD, AMD Freesync, TN Panel Monitor, HDMI & VGA Port - 22MK400H (Black)\par
LG\b0\par
\b\lang1033 Rating-\lang9 7.9\b0\par
Product Highlights\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Gaming features: 1ms response time, 75hz refresh rate\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Radeon freesync for smooth gaming action\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vesa wall mount: 75 x 75\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}21.5" full hd (1920 x 1080) tn panel with anti glare screen\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Gaming feature: black stablizer, dynamic action sync, crosshair\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Connectivity: hdmi, d-sub, headphone out\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\lang1033 8.\lang9 ViewSonic VX2458-C-MHD 60.96 cm (24 Inch)  Full HD LED 1080p, 1ms, Curved Gaming Monitor, HDMI & DP, Refresh Rate 144Hz, Eye Care, Flicker-Free and Blue Light Filter\par
ViewSonic VX2458-C-MHD 60.96 cm (24 Inch)  Full HD LED 1080p, 1ms, Curved Gaming Monitor, HDMI & DP, Refresh Rate 144Hz, Eye Care, Flicker-Free and Blue Light Filter\par
ViewSonic\par
\lang1033 Rating-\lang9 7.8\par
\b0 Product Highlights\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Be the difference: fast 1ms mrpt response time, and amazing 144hz refresh rate give you the edge in all your gaming quests\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Game on: an arsenal of pre set customizable visual modes keeps you ready for any fps, rts, esports, or moba games\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Industry leading warranty: 3 year coverage with access to our us based customer service team\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Curved design: immersive 1800r curved viewing experience with panoramic images, vivid color, and incredible detail in full hd 1080p resolution\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Smooth gaming: amd free sync technology enables smooth frame rates to aid you in battle\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Flexible connectivity: the vx2458 c mhd supports laptops, pcs, and macs with hdmi, and displayport\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\fs24 Cabinet\par
1.CHIPTRONEX X310B Mid Tower ATX Cabinet\par
Price: Rs 1,999.\par
provides one 120mm fan pre-installed with this cabinet but users can mount 3 more on the front. Ports included are USB 3.0, 2 x USB 2.0 and HD Audio In. Dimensions stand at 35 x 18.5 x 42 cm, which can easily hold a GPU of 280mm and CPU cooler height of 150mm.\par
\par
2.Ant Esports ICE-130AG\par
Price: Rs 3,000.\par
The cabinet supports a big GPU of up to 265mm and a cooler height of 150mm. The dimensions of the cabinet are 34.4 x 19.6 x 43 cm and support ATX and M-ATX motherboards. Extra features include 2 x HDD, 2 x SSD, 7 x PCI slots, 1 x USB 3.0, 1 x USB 2.0, 1 Audio In and 1 Mic In.\par
\par
3.Corsair Carbide Series CC-9011050-WW\par
Price: Rs 2,799.\par
Provide cable routing for easy cable management. Dimensions of the cabinet are 47.75 x 19.81 x 42.93 and have a USB 3.0 internal connector at the front with 7 PCIe slots. The width of the CPU is not large so it\rquote s advised not to go extreme for the CPU cooling system.\par
\par
4.Cooler Master MasterBox K501L RGB V2 \par
Price: Rs 4,299.\par
The side of the cabinet is stronger tempered glass for rigidity. Dimensions stand at 49.6 x 21.7 x 46.9 cm. The cooler master provides the cabinet with the input of USB 3.0 and 2.0 ports as well.\par
\par
5.Thermaltake H200\par
Price: Rs 5,899.\par
It comes in with the support of USB 3.0 ports on the front panel. Cabinet has 2 magnetic dust filters, one at the bottom and one at the top. Dimensions are 52.1 x 49.3 x 26.9 cm which is ideal for GPU up to 320mm in length and CPU cooler up to 180mm.\par
\par
6.LIAN LI LANCOOL II \par
Price: Rs 8,703.\par
The cabinet side panel is made of high-quality tempered glass and also has a Modular PSU shroud cover. The three fans in the front give an optimisation cooling solution and come pre-installed from the factory. Users can also choose to add 3 x 120mm or 2 x 140mm fans on  front ,2 x 120/140mm on top , 1 x 120mm on rear and 2 x 120mm above the PSU chamber. This is one of the best cabinet for PC you can consider\par
\par
7.ZEBRONICS ZEB-947W Valhalla Premium Gaming Chassis, Supports Micro ATX Motherboard, RGB Sync Support, AIO Cooler, Dual 120mm RGB Cooling Fans, Tempered Glass Side Panel, Acrylic Front Panel (White)\line Price:\u8377?8,399.00\par
\par
8.Cooler Master MasterBox TD500 Mesh Triple ARGB Full Tower Gaming Cabinet with Dual 360mm Radiator Support and Crystalline Tempered Glass (White)\par
Price: \u8377?9,272.00\par
The ATX MasterBox TD500 Mesh adds a new dimension to PC lighting through contour and form, providing custom-built systems a presentation beyond flat, two-dimensional panels. The Crystalline Tempered Glass side panel interacts with component lighting bringing in a sense of awe. Cooler Master\rquote s Fine Mesh technology\f1\emdash simultaneously provides high airflow, dust filtration, and a strengthened structure. Lighting from the three included ARGB fans respond to the contour of the mesh depending on the viewing angle. Advanced technology is set firmly into fine art as the MasterBox TD500 Mesh carves its own path to the bleeding edge.\f0\par
\b\fs28\par
\b0\fs22\par
\b MotherBoard\par
\lang16393 1...\f1\lang9 Aorus Gigabyte AMD B450 AORUS Elite V2 Motherboard\f0\lang16393 ----\f1\lang9 9,199\par
\b0 Supports AMD 3rd Gen Ryzen/ 2nd Gen Ryzen/ 1st Gen Ryzen/ 2nd Gen Ryzen with Radeon Vega Graphics\par
Dual Channel Non-ECC Unbuffered DDR4, 4 DIMMs\par
HDMI, DVI-D Ports for Multiple Display\par
Dual Ultra-Fast NVMe PCIe Gen3 M.2 (x4, x2) with One Thermal Guard\par
GIGABYTE Exclusive 8118 Gaming LAN with Bandwidth Management\par
\b\f0\par
2....Asus TUF B450M-Pro Gaming AMD Ryzen 3 AM4 DDR4 Micro-ATX Motherboard---10,499\b0\f1\par
Amd AM4 socket: ready for 3rd & 2nd Gen AMD Ryzen processors\par
Gaming performance: onboard Dual M.2, dual-channel 4x DIMM, Max. 64GB DDR4 features data transfer rates up to 4400 MHz, Multi-GPU support\par
Connectivity: 1 x Ethernet LAN RJ-45, 10 GB/s USB3.1 Gen2 onboard\par
Personalization: Asus exclusive AURA Sync RGB lighting and 2x RGB headers\par
Enhanced power solution: military-grade TUF components, ProCool socket and Digi+ VRM for maximum durability\par
\par
\b\f0\lang16393 3.\f1\lang9 MSI Components X570-A Pro Gaming Motherboard\f0\lang16393 ---14,069\f1\lang9\par
\b0 Supports 2nd and 3rd Gen AMD Ryzen / Ryzen with Radeon Vega Graphics Desktop Processors for AM4 socket\par
AUDIO BOOST 4 technology with NAHIMIC 3 software enhancement for immersive experiences\par
FROZR Heatsink with patented fan design \endash  Propeller Blade Technology and double ball bearings\par
PCI-E Gen 4 & Lightning Gen 4 M. 2 slots capable of unidirectional transfer speeds up to 64 GB/s\par
TURBO USB 3. 2 GEN2 with reversible Type-C connector\par
\par
\b\f0\lang16393 4....\f1\lang9 MSI MAG B560M Mortar Micro-ATX Gaming Motherboard\f0\lang16393 -----\f1\lang9 16\f0\lang16393 ,045\b0\f1\lang9\par
Supports 11th and 10th Gen Intel Core/Pentium/Celeron processors for LGA 1200 Socket\par
Lightning Gen 4 Solution: The latest Gen 4 PCI-E solution with up to 64GB/s bandwidth for maximum transfer speed.\par
6 layer PCB with 2oz thickened copper provides higher performance and long-lasting system stability without any compromise.\par
Digital PWM: Highest quality component digital power IC makes sure your system runs smoothly under the most extreme conditions.\par
\par
\b\f0\lang16393 5.\f1\lang9 Gigabyte X570 Gaming X Motherboard\f0\lang16393 ----16,799\f1\lang9\par
\b0 10+2 Phases Digital VRM, Advanced Thermal Design with Enlarge Heatsink, Dual PCIe 4.0 M.2\par
GIGABYTE Gaming GbE LAN with Bandwidth Management, RGB FUSION 2.0 with Multi-Zone Addressable LED\par
Dual Ultra-Fast NVMe PCIe 4.0/3.0 x4 M.2 with Single Thermal Guard\par
\par
\b\f0\lang16393 6.\f1\lang9 Gigabyte AMD B550 Gaming X V2 Motherboard\f0\lang16393 ----\f1\lang9 1\f0\lang16393 9\f1\lang9 ,\f0\lang16393 399\f1\lang9\par
\b0 Supports 3rd Gen AMD Ryzen Processors\par
Dual Channel ECC/ Non-ECC Unbuffered DDR4, 4 DIMMs\par
10+3 Phases Digital Twin Power Design with Low RDS(on) MOSFETs\par
Ultra Durable PCIe 4.0 Ready x16 Slot\par
Smart Fan 5 Features Multiple Temperature Sensors , Hybrid Fan Headers with FAN STOP\par
\par
\b\f0\lang16393 7.Asus ROG Strix B550-F Gaming (WiFi 6) AMD AM4 3rd Gen Ryzen ATX Gaming Motherboard-----21,640\b0\par
AMD AM4 Socket and PCIe 4. 0: The perfect pairing for 3rd Gen AMD Ryzen CPUs\par
Robust Power Design: 12+2 DrMOS power stages with high-quality alloy chokes and durable capacitors to provide reliable power for the latest high-core-count AMD CPUs\par
Optimized Thermal Solution: Fanless VRM and chipset heatsinks with ASUS Stack Cool 3+ design keep your system running reliably under heavy load by enhancing passive cooling capacity for critical onboard components. Supports channel bandwidth: HT20/HT40/HT80/HT160\par
High-performance Gaming Networking: On-board WiFi 6 (802. 11ax), Bluetooth V5. 1 and 2. 5 Gb LAN with ASUS LANGuard\par
\par
\b 8.Asus AMD X570 ATX Gaming Motherboard-----33,399\par
\b0 AM4 socket: Ready for 2nd and 3rd Gen AMD Ryzen processors to maximize connectivity and speed with up to two M.2 Drives, USB 3.2 Gen2 and AMD StoreMI\par
Aura Sync RGB: ASUS-exclusive Aura Sync RGB lighting, including RGB headers and addressable Gen 2 GRB headers\par
Optimal Power Solution: 12+4 power stages with ProCool II power connector, alloy chokes and durable capacitors to support multi-core processors\par
\lang9\par
\b CPU\par
1.AMD 5000 Series Ryzen 9 5900X Desktop Processor 5...7,250\par
\b0 SPECIFICATIONS...12 Cores & 24 Threads, 70MB Cache\par
Base Clock: 3.7 GHz, Max Boost Clock: up to 4.8 GHz\par
Memory Support: DDR4 Upto 3200MHz, Memory Channels: 2, TDP: 105 W, PCI Express Generation : PCIe Gen 4\par
\par
\b REASONS TO BUY\par
\b0 +Awesome gaming performance\par
+Strong value for money\par
+Cooler included in box\par
\b REASONS TO AVOID\par
\b0 -High power consumption\par
-Potentially high platform costs at launch\par
\par
\b 2.Intel Core i5 10400F\b0\par
\b SPECIFICATIONS\par
\b0 Cores: 6Threads: 12Base Clock: 2.9 GHzTurbo Clock: 4.3 GHzOverclocking: NoL3 Cache: 12 MBTDP: 65 W\par
\b REASONS TO BUY\par
\b0 +Affordable mid-range performance\par
+Cooler included in box\par
\b REASONS TO AVOID\par
\b0 -Doesn't support overclocking\par
\par
\b 3. Intel Core i5 12400...\u8377?20,490\par
SPECIFICATIONS\par
\b0 Cores: 6Threads: 12Base Clock: 2.5 GHzBoost Clock: 4.4 GHzOverclocking: KindaL3 Cache: 18 MBTDP: 65 W\par
\b REASONS TO BUY\b0\par
+Great stock performance\par
+Low power from 65W\par
+Doesn't need a beefy cooler\par
+It really goes when overclocked\par
\b REASONS TO AVOID\par
\b0 -Requires a whole new motherboard\par
-BCLK OC may get patched out\par
\par
\b 4 AMD Ryzen 5 5600X..\u8377?20,890\par
SPECIFICATIONS\par
\b0 Cores: 6Threads: 12Base Clock: 3.7 GHzBoost Clock: 4.6 GHzOverclocking: YesL3 Cache: 32 MBTDP: 65 W\par
\b REASONS TO BUY\par
\b0 +Awesome gaming performance\par
+Strong value for money\par
+Decent overclocking potential\par
+Wraith Stealth included\par
\b REASONS TO AVOID\par
\b0 -$50 more than the 3600X\par
-Lags behind Core i5 12600K\par
\par
\b 5.AMD Ryzen 7 5700G... \u8377?26,899\par
\b0 The best chip that doesn't need a graphics card\par
\b SPECIFICATIONS...\par
\b0 Cores: 8Threads: 16Base Clock: 3.8 GHzTurbo Clock: 4.6 GHzOverclocking: Yes, 5.0-5.3 GHz typicalL3 Cache: 16 MBTDP: 65 W\par
\b REASONS TO BUY\b0\par
+The best Integrated GPU\par
+Excellent thermals and power consumption\par
+Strong all round performance\par
\b REASONS TO AVOID\par
\b0 -Lacks PCIe 4.0\par
-Needs fast memory to be at its best\par
-Expensive for an APU\par
\par
\b 6.Intel Core i5 12600K---\u8377?34,998.\par
SPECIFICATIONS\par
\b0 Cores: 6+4Threads: 16Base Clock: 3.7 GHz P-core, 2.8 GHz E-coreBoost Clock: 4.9 GHz P-core, 3.6 GHz E-coreOverclocking: YesL3 Cache: 20 MBTDP: 125 W\b\par
REASONS TO BUY\par
\b0 +The best CPU for gaming in 2021\par
+Faster than the Core i9 11900K\par
+A more efficient Alder Lake chip\b\par
REASONS TO AVOID\par
\b0 -Still more power hungry than Ryzen\par
-Doesn't play nice with some games\par
\par
7.\b AMD Ryzen 9 5900X..39,390\par
SPECIFICATIONS\line\b0 Cores: 12Threads: 24Base Clock: 3.7 GHzBoost Clock: 4.8 GHzOverclocking: YesL3 Cache: 64 MBTDP: 105 W \par
\b REASONS TO BUY\b0\par
+Great gaming performance\par
+Fast and efficient architecture\par
+Affordable platform\par
\b REASONS TO AVOID\b0\par
-Needs a proper 3rd-party cooler\par
\par
\par
\b\par
8.Intel Core i9 12900K...\u8377?64,990\par
SPECIFICATIONS\par
\b0 Cores: 8+8Threads: 24Base Clock: 3.2 GHz P-core, 2.4 GHz E-coreBoost Clock: 5.2 GHz P-core, 3.9 GHz E-coreOverclocking: YesL3 Cache: 30 MBTDP: 125 W\par
\b REASONS TO BUY\b0\par
+Incredible single-threaded performance\par
+Much improved multithreaded ability\par
+Big leap for Intel's Core CPUs\par
+The best desktop platform with DDR5 and PCIe 5.0 support\par
\b REASONS TO AVOID\par
\b0 -Some games don't play nicely with Alder Lake yet\par
-High power consumption\par
-Potentially high platform costs at launch\par
\par
\par
\par
Storage\par
Ram\par
GPU\par
Cooling System\par
KeyBoard Mouse\par
}
 